Update translation guide (#1103)
grammyjs/website: TRANSLATING.md

They should receive as much care as the English version.

For example, Google Translate is already built into Google Chrome.
Don’t bother to create a mere machine translation of the docs.

> You can use machine translations to help you get done faster, but everything needs to be proof-read by you, and typically, a lot of things need to be corrected or rephrased.

Reviewer: Idk, looks like "to see use your eye"...

Author: Is this better?
```suggestion
(You can use machine translations in the process to help you get done faster.)
```

Some pull requests do not require a translation.
They are labeled with “not translatable”.
You can safely ignore them.

## Tips & Tricks

### Creating the Content Files

You can basically copy the English docs from `site/docs/` to a new directory next to the other languages, and then translating every page.

### Creating the Configuration Files

There are several places in the configuration that need to be translated, too.
It is best to go over every file in `site/docs/.vitepress/` and check if there are things that need to be adjusted for your language.
Regarding the config, it may make sense not to copy the English version, as there are some exceptions to English in how it is configured.
Instead, you can copy a different language for the structure (and read the English config for the content).
For example, it helps to display three files next to each other: Spanish for structure, English for content, and your new language.

> ### Freedom in Deviating From English

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Freedom in Deviating from English
```

> **TL;DR:** Keep the same structure and content, deliver it in your own language.

You have quite some freedom in how you want to express the content in your own language.

> You know your language best, and we are not going to tell you how to phrase things, or where to split up your sentences.

Author: @niusia-ua I tried to say this here. How can it be improved?

Reviewer 3: Wait, has it always been here? If so, then I just didn't pay attention. Then there is nothing to be changed. It's good enough.

Author: Yep :D
Awesome!

It is much more important to get the same content across.
If you can convey the same message with a different wording or analogy, please do that.

> If a joke only works in English, you can simply drop it---rather than trying too hard to be funny just because English did it

Reviewer 4: Missing period

Author: ```suggestion
If a joke only works in English, you can simply drop it---rather than trying too hard to be funny just because English did it.
```

This would just get awkward.
Similarly, if there's a perfect opportunity for a joke or a reference that everyone speaking your language will understand, feel free to add it.
When done appropriately, this can greatly improve the reading flow and make it easier to remember the technical content of the documentation.

> That being said, it _is_ important that all the code examples stay the same

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
That being said, it _is_ important that all the code examples stay the same.
```
